                             PGP::Sign Thanks

To Andrew Gierth for the inspiration and motivation to write this and the
reminder that PGPPASSFD existed, for being one of the two people who
caught the mistake I made with $? and open3(), and for pointing out a
missing waitpid() in pgp_verify() that was causing zombies.

To Jon Ribbens for pointing out that $? isn't guaranteed to contain the
exit status of something called from open3() unless you do a waitpid() for
it first.

To Andrew Ford for adding PGPPATH support and adding a test suite and code
in Makefile.PL to search for an installed version of PGP.

To Todd Underwood for the impetus to get this module working under GnuPG
and PGP 5.0, and to he and Monte Mitzelfelt for the initial GnuPG
implementation that I based mine on.

To Lupe Christoph for pointing out that Perl 5.005_03 sets close-on-exec
on file handles created by pipe, requiring an fcntl() call in PGP::Sign to
unset that.

To J. Porter Clark for information about the socket needed for GnuPG with
egd support.

To Marco d'Itri for example code on how to use the GnuPG --status-fd
support, so that parsing of the human-readable output of GnuPG isn't
needed, and to Autrijus Tang for reminding me that I'd not yet pulled that
code over from pgpverify.

To David Lawrence and Greg Rose for signcontrol and PGPMoose respectively,
the motivating applications.

To Phil Zimmermann, because Phil should be listed in the thank you list
for anything related to PGP, given that he wrote it and went through legal
hell to make sure we still had it available.

To Werner Koch for GnuPG, which is much nicer than any other PGP
implementation I've worked with and is free to boot, and for pointing me
at the right sections of RFC 2440 to explain the OpenPGP standard on
whitespace munging in text signatures.
